procedures: mounting secrets as a file or as an environment variable (#2083)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/proc_overriding-a-secrets-mount-path-for-a-workspace-component.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// mounting-a-secret-as-a-file-or-an-environment-variable-into-a-workspace-container

[id="overriding-a-secrets-mount-path-for-a-workspace-component_{context}"]

> = Overriding a secret's mount path for a workspace component

Reviewer: This shouldn't be a possessive, but given that it's reflected in the file name, I leave it up to you when to fix it (doesn't need to be now).

WARNING: On 
ifeval::["{project-context}" == "che"]

> {platforms-name} older than v1.13 and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{kubernetes} older than v1.13 and
```

endif::[]
OpenShift {ocp3-ver}, secrets mounted as a file override volume mounts defined in the devfile.

> You can override a secret's mount path for a workspace component by editing the devfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the mount path of a secret for a workspace component by editing the devfile.
```

Author: @rkratky I only added the possessive here to avoid the misunderstanding that the secret is only for one workspace component ("a secret for a workspace component").

.Prerequisites

* The secret is mounted as a file.

.Procedure

. Declare a component alias for the containers in the override path.
. Declare an additional volume for the component.
. Use the name of the secret as the name of the volume.
. Set the new mount path for the secret as `containerPath`.
+

> .Example: Overriding a secret's mount path for a workspace component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example: Overriding the mount path of a secret for a workspace component
```

Author: I'm changing it to *Overriding the mount path of the secret for a workspace component*.
